Every chance I get, I water the plants, Lion! To succeed you must believe. When you believe, you will succeed. Wraith talk. Stay focused. They never said winning was easy. Some people can’t handle success, I can. Life is what you make it, so let’s make it. In life there will be road blocks but we will over come it. I’m up to something. To be successful you’ve got to work hard, to make history, simple, you’ve got to make it. It’s on you how you want to live your life. Everyone has a choice. I pick my choice, squeaky clean.

The key to success is to keep your head above the water, never give up. It’s on you how you want to live your life. Everyone has a choice. I pick my choice, squeaky clean. They will try to close the door on you, just open it. To succeed you must believe. When you believe, you will succeed. Eliptical talk. Let’s see what Chef Dee got that they don’t want us to eat. Wraith talk. I’m up to something. Mogul talk.

Learning is cool, but knowing is better, and I know the key to success. A major key, never panic. Don’t panic, when it gets crazy and rough, don’t panic, stay calm. Fan luv. Let me be clear, you have to make it through the jungle to make it to paradise, that’s the key, Lion! Celebrate success right, the only way, apple. Lion! Bless up. Watch your back, but more importantly when you get out the shower, dry your back, it’s a cold world out there.

Surround yourself with angels, positive energy, beautiful people, beautiful souls, clean heart, angel. Always remember in the jungle there’s a lot of they in there, after you overcome they, you will make it to paradise. They key is to have every key, the key to open every door. Celebrate success right, the only way, apple. Special cloth alert. Another one. Egg whites, turkey sausage, wheat toast, water. Of course they don’t want us to eat our breakfast, so we are going to enjoy our breakfast. In life you have to take the trash out, if you have trash in your life, take it out, throw it away, get rid of it, major key.
